Allow single token to be annotated by multiple entities in test stories (#10773)
RasaHQ/rasa: changelog/10394.improvement.md

> Allow multiple entities to be annotated for the same word/tokens.  
> When using entity extractors that support generating multiple entities from a single expression, the test stories fail as there is no way to annotate multiple entity_types and entity_values.
> Entity Extractors like DIET are not optimized for training with multiple entity extractions, so be sure to use only Regex or FlashText or similar extractors.  

Author: ```suggestion
Allow single tokens in rasa end-to-end test files to be annotated with multiple entities.

Some entity extractors (s.a. `RegexEntityExtractor`) can generate multiple entities from a single expression. Before this change, `rasa test` would fail in this case, because test stories could not be annotated correctly.
```

New annotation option is  
```YAML
stories:
  - story: Some story
    steps:
      - user: |

>           I would like to cancel my contract for my [iphone][{"entity":"iphone", "value":"iphone"},{"entity":"smartphone", "value":"true"}{"entity":"mobile_service", "value":"true"}] 

Author: I'd keep the text short:
```suggestion
          cancel my [iphone][{"entity":"iphone", "value":"iphone"},{"entity":"smartphone", "value":"true"}{"entity":"mobile_service", "value":"true"}] 
```
